Welcome back.
In this video we'll be recapping what we've learned in the past couple of videos.
We learned that object oriented programming is a model based on objects which are constructed from some
kind of blueprint in languages that had built in support for O.P. we call these blueprints classes and
the objects created from them instances since we do not have built in class support in javascript.
We mimic the functionality of classes by using functions to create objects through the use of constructor
functions and the new keyword.
We also saw that the new keyword does four things creates an object out of thin air.
It sets the value of the keyword this to be that object created in the previous step it adds or return
this to the constructor function.
And finally it sets a property on the object which we can access called Dunder Prato.
We'll talk much more about that in the next video.
Finally we can refactor duplication if multiple constructor functions share properties by invoking another
constructor function and using call or apply to set the value of the keyword this to be the correct
object created from the constructor function in the next video.
We'll examine a property on functions called prototype and dive even deeper into what the new keyword
does.
See.